Thanks for the detailed context! Here’s a summary of the root cause and a plan to fix the Conflict Resolution Dialog so it displays all conflicting bookings as intended.

Root Cause Recap
Conflict detection on the kanban board works: it finds all bookings for a date.
Dialog only receives the new enquiry, not the full list of conflicts.
The conflicts array passed to the dialog is empty or incomplete.
As a result, the dialog only shows "1 booking" (the enquiry), not all bookings for that date.
What Needs to Happen

When a conflict is detected and the user clicks the badge:

The dialog should be opened with all bookings for that date (the new enquiry + all existing bookings).
The dialog should clearly distinguish between the new enquiry and existing bookings.

Data Flow Fix:

The kanban board (or wherever the conflict is detected) must pass the full list of conflicting bookings to the dialog component.
The dialog should render all bookings, with clear UI cues for "new" vs "existing".
How to Fix It
1. Check Where the Dialog is Triggered
In your kanban-board.tsx (or wherever the conflict badge is rendered), find the code that opens the ConflictResolutionDialog.
Ensure it collects all bookings for the date (not just the enquiry) and passes them as a prop to the dialog.
2. Update the Dialog Props
In ConflictResolutionDialog.tsx, make sure the prop for conflicts is an array of bookings (not just one).
The dialog should accept something like:
bookings: Booking[]; // includes both the new enquiry and all existing bookings for the date
newEnquiryId: string; // to identify which is the new one

3. Render All Bookings in the Dialog
In the dialog, map over the bookings array.
For each booking:
If booking.id === newEnquiryId, render with a blue background and label as "New Enquiry".
Otherwise, render with a gray background and label as "Existing Booking".
Each should have its own time controls and update button.
Next Steps

If you want, I can:

Trace the data flow in your code to pinpoint exactly where the array is lost.
Suggest code changes for the kanban board and dialog.
Show a sample refactor for the dialog UI.

Would you like a step-by-step trace through your code, or do you want a sample code fix for the dialog and data flow? Let me know your preference!